Software Engineer, Backend - Consumer
Coinbase · Quebec, Canada · Reposted 1 month ago · 61 applicants
Full-timeMatches your job preferences, job type is Full-time.  Entry level

About the job
At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldn’t do this without hiring the best people. We’re a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether they’re trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? That’s us.

There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. We’re a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.

Ready to ? Who you are:

You’ve got positive energy. You’re optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
You’re never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. You’re both an active communicator and an eager listener - because let’s face it, you can’t have one without the other. You’re cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. You’re not looking for a boring job.
You have a “can do” attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesn’t scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100% responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. We’re stronger together, and you’re a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 

Coinbase is seeking experienced backend engineers to join our team to build out the next generation of crypto-forward products and features. You will solve unique, large scale, highly complex technical problems, bridging the constraints posed by web-scale applications and blockchain technology. You will help build the next generation of systems to make cryptocurrency accessible to everyone across the globe, operating real-time applications with high frequency, low latency updates, and managing the most secure, dockerized infrastructure running in the cloud.

The Consumer Product Group engineers strive to make the Coinbase retail app the easiest-to-use and fastest experience for accessing the crypto. In 2023, our goal is to be the #1 self custody wallet measured by MTU’s and download share. Wallet is the future of web3 and of Coinbase. Suite of products include: Coinbase app, advance trade, dapps, and staking.

What You'll Be Doing

Build new services to meet critical product and business needs using Golang.
Design scalable systems to solve novel problems with modern cloud technology and industry best practices.
Articulate a long term vision for maintaining and scaling our backend systems and the teams running them.
Work with engineers, designers, product managers and senior leadership to turn our product and technical vision into a tangible roadmap every quarter.
Write high quality, well tested code to meet the needs of your customers.

What We Look For In You

You have at least 2+ years of experience in software engineering.
You’ve designed, built, scaled and maintained production services, and know how to compose a service oriented architecture.
You write high quality, well tested code to meet the needs of your customers.
You’re passionate about building an open financial system that brings the world together.

Nice To Haves

You have gone through a rapid growth in your company (from startup to mid-size).
Experience with growth experiments or A/B testing frameworks.
You have experience with Blockchain technology (such as Bitcoin, Ethereum etc..)
You have experience decomposing a large monolith into microservices.
You’ve worked with Golang, Ruby, Docker, Rails, Postgres, MongoDB or DynamoDB.
You’ve built financial, high reliability or security systems.

Job #: GBE04NA

Pay Transparency Notice: The target annual salary for this position can range as detailed below. Full time offers from Coinbase also include target bonus + target equity + benefits (including medical, dental, and vision).

Pay Range

$149,500—$149,500 CAD

Commitment to Equal Opportunity

Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links. Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.

Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please complete this intake form to let us know the nature of your request and your contact information. For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).

Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants

Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.