General Technical Director (Pipeline TD) - Contract
Walt Disney Animation Studios · Vancouver, BC · Reposted 1 month ago · Over 100 applicants
On-siteMatches your job preferences, workplace type is On-site.  Contract  Director

About the job
At Walt Disney Animation Studios we have a deep commitment to the philosophy that creativity inspires technology, and technology inspires creativity. Technical Directors are responsible for providing support to our artist teams in a variety of areas including writing tools to facilitate the CG animation process, acting as a liaison to software and system engineers, and front-line artist support.

Projects Include:


Novel interaction interfaces and models for artists
Tools for procedurally generating worlds
Creative workflows built on existing platforms to solve production-specific problems
Evolutions and revolutions of our production data pipeline


We are looking for a Technical Director to join our Animation studio, targeting tool development and support Production. In this role, you will partner with artists, production and technology leadership, other technical directors, cross-team software engineers, and other technologists and researchers across the Walt Disney Studios. You will be on the cutting edge designing and implementing innovative workflows and state-of-the-art solutions. The role may be either a permanent role or project/contract hire role depending on the exact type of position, and will be located at our Vancouver, BC Studio.

Hybrid and Remote opportunities for our Vancouver Studio are specific to remote work within the province of British Columbia. Please note that relocation eligibility may be determined based on role and individual circumstance.

What does it mean to be a developer here at Walt Disney Animation Studios?


Our TDs provide support to our artists in a variety of areas including scripting and coding tools to facilitate the CG animation process
Design and optimize processes and tools to fit production needs
View production systems holistically and have the ability to visualize the larger pipeline while understanding the impact of their actions
Act as a collaborator with the larger Technical Director department
Active engagement with artistic and technical leadership in the ongoing evolution of the production process
Become involved in mentoring apprentices and other Technical Directors in tools and processes
Active engagement with the Technology Department in the research and development of new methodologies
Involvement in the positive representation of Walt Disney Animation Studios in the larger filmmaking and computer graphics community


Key Qualifications:


Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, a related field or equivalent
Strong scripting and programming skills including Python and C++
Ability to write and apply innovative techniques
Strong problem solving skills
Ability to work in a collaborative environment, offer mentorship, and take direction from department and show leadership
Experience in a consumer support role


Bonus Qualifications:


Understanding of computer graphics foundational concepts, and algorithms
Knowledge of visual effects, animation, graphics techniques and algorithms
Experience with USD
Strong mathematical fundamentals, including linear algebra and numerical methods
Strong understanding of coding process, standards, continuous integration and testing principles
Software development experience on production systems
Advanced Maya experience and in-depth knowledge of Linux
Understanding of environmental effects simulation techniques and Houdini
Advanced experience with modern global illumination rendering
Solid understanding of node-based compositing packages (i.e. Shake, Nuke, or similar)
Experience with game engines such as Unreal, Unity, Lumberyard
Experience in technical leadership
Master’s or Ph.D. in Computer Science


The hiring range for this position in British Columbia, Canada is C$112,370 to C$145,420 per year. The base pay actually offered will take into account internal equity and also may vary depending on the candidate’s geographic region, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience among other factors. A full range of medical, financial, and/or other variable pay or benefits, may be offered dependent on the level and position offered.