Software Engineer
EA SPORTS · Vancouver, BC · 18 hours ago · 47 applicants
HybridMatches your job preferences, workplace type is Hybrid.  Full-timeMatches your job preferences, job type is Full-time.
1,001-5,000 employees · Computer Games
2 school alumni work here
Skills: Problem Solving, Software Development, +8 more
See how you compare to 47 applicants. Reactivate Premium

Apply

Save
Save Software Engineer  at EA SPORTS
Share
Show more options
Software Engineer
EA SPORTS Vancouver, BC Hybrid

Apply

Save
Save Software Engineer  at EA SPORTS
Show more options
About the job
Electronic Arts Inc. is a leading global interactive entertainment software company. EA delivers games, content and online services for Internet-connected consoles, personal computers, mobile phones and tablets.

The Software Engineer role within Sports QVE department is responsible for collaborating with QA and Development partners to identify and create tools, automation solutions, scripts, and strategies that targeted toward improving game infrastructure and increasing efficiencies in the QV and development processes. This role plays an important part in ensuring seamless consumer experience by focusing on upstream quality and targeting defect prevention and containment. The successful candidate will be assisting with analysis of testing strategies, identifying new testing technologies, and developing new tools for testing and tracking purposes.

Primary Responsibilities

 Gathering and analyzing requirements from our partner teams and organizations. 
 Providing recommendation of possible solutions that improve effectiveness and efficiency of partners’ workflows. 
 Designing, building, testing, and deploying solutions to support game project deliverables. 
 Providing debug support and technical expertise to resolve issues. 
 Supporting increase product adoption within game teams. 
 Participating and presenting in knowledge sharing sessions 
 Mentoring junior team member(s) 

Qualifications

 Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Software engineering or equivalent. 
 Professional experience with a focus on concepts, language varieties. Experience with C# and/or Java. Scripting experience with Machine Learning, Python or PHP is an asset. 
 Strong understanding of software development life cycle, practices and software engineering methodologies and their application to both development and QA. 
 Excellent understanding of software quality assurance concepts, debugging processes and procedures. 
 Quick learner on new technologies, practices, and paradigms. 
 Strong problem solving and analytical skills. 
 Strong written and verbal communication skills. 
 Proactive in completing tasks and escalating issues appropriately. 
 Creativity and logical thinking to find solutions to problems. 
 Have basic knowledge of technical writing. 

Bc Compensation And Benefits

The base salary ranges listed below are for the defined geographic market pay zones in these locations. If you reside outside of these locations, a recruiter will advise on the base salary range and benefits for your specific location.

EA has listed the base salary ranges it in good faith expects to pay applicants for this role in the locations listed, as of the time of this posting. Salary offered will be determined based on numerous relevant business and candidate factors including, for example, education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, geographic location, and business or organizational needs.

BASE SALARY RANGES

 British Columbia (depending on location e.g. Vancouver vs. Victoria):

º $96,400 - $133,900 CAN Annually

Base salary is just one part of the overall compensation at EA. We also offer a package of benefits including vacation (3 weeks per year to start), 10 days per year of sick time, paid top-up to EI/QPIP benefits up to 100% of base salary when you welcome a new child (12 weeks for maternity, and 4 weeks for parental/adoption leave), extended health/dental/vision coverage, life insurance, disability insurance, retirement plan to regular full-time employees. Certain roles may also be eligible for bonus and equity.