Houdini Pipeline Developer
VancouverEyeline Studios – Tech Development /Fixed Term /Hybrid
Eyeline Studios
At Eyeline, Scanline VFX's virtual production division, we want to provide you with a solid foundation where you can be a part of an innovative team of brilliant researchers, developers and virtual storytellers. Learn more.

The Houdini Pipeline Developer collaborates with Pipeline Leads to build a Houdini pipeline that spans lookdev, lighting, CFX, and FX, using USD and Solaris as a backbone. They leverage their production experience to create intuitive and self-documenting workflows that can be quickly adopted by users of differing skill levels, and which can operate efficiently on scenes of extreme scale and complexity.  
Key Responsibilities
Solve complex problems in the domain of Houdini pipeline workflows
Write high quality Python code that is easy to maintain and is well-tested 
Communicate with artists to identify areas of inefficiency and help gather their requirements
Contribute to technical briefs and user documentation

Minimum Qualifications
Passion for staying on top of latest features in Houdini
4+ years experience writing Houdini pipeline code using python
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Demonstrated talent for designing intuitive, artist-friendly workflows without sacrificing functionality
Understanding of object-oriented programming patterns
Desire to probe and understand the inner workings of complex systems
Preferred Qualifications
Experience as an FX artist using Houdini in production
Experience writing a Houdini pipeline using USD / Solaris
PDG / TOPs experience
$90,000 - $140,000 a year
This salary range is specific to applicants applying to our position in Vancouver, BC. To determine your base salary, we consider your qualifications, skills, and experience. These considerations can cause your compensation to vary outside of this range and will also be dependent on your location.
About Us
Scanline VFX is an award-winning leader in the visual effects industry with 7 studios worldwide, including London, Los Angeles, Montreal, Munich, Seoul, Stuttgart, and Vancouver. Since our beginning in 1989, we strive to set the highest standard of quality in everything we do. Through innovation, we generate solutions for our clients and raise the bar — both within our workplace and throughout our industry.

We look for explorers, people who are willing to go to new places and are open to testing, learning and iterating as they go. We believe great ideas come from everyone, so we actively encourage team members to ask questions and present their ideas.

Powered by Netflix
Netflix’s investment in our pipeline, infrastructure, and workforce allows us to continue to push the boundaries of what is possible in visual effects. In addition to working on projects for Netflix, we continue to work with a variety of long-standing and new clients.

Come as you are
We are committed to ensuring fair and equal treatment of your application. When you apply for a role with us, you will receive consideration based solely on your qualifications.