CG Generalist
Ingenuity Studios

Full job description
Unless specified below as an in-office/in-person position, this is a remote opportunity. All remote positions require applicants to have a reliable internet connection. The health and wellbeing of our employees are of the utmost importance. It is our policy to maintain vaccinated offices for those working out of our physical work locations.


Our 3D Team is looking for experienced CG artists to work on a wide range of tasks including: hard surface modeling, kitbashing, organic modeling, sculpting, texturing in Mari or Substance Painter, shading, and lighting.

Work can be both independent and collaborative and is mentored by a strong group of senior artists. In most cases CG Generalists are allowed to work in the software of their choosing, with a pipeline that focuses on easing and unifying common tasks and publishing.

Requirements

Strong sense of organization, artistic ability, and attention to detail as well as an eye for composition, light, and color.
Experience in Look Development, RenderMan software.
Knowledge of plate lighting, image based lighting.
Strong knowledge of full cg lighting/characters/environments.
Strong background and experience in Asset Generation.
Understanding of multi-pass rendering, and how the passes will be used for final composite.
Experience in 3d scene layout.
Knowledge of camera and mechanical animation.
Previous background and experience in Modeling, Texturing.
Understanding of dynamic FX, and/or particle simulation.
Standard compositing skill-set inside of Nuke compositing software.
Solid understanding of Feature, Commercial and/or Television production pipeline.
Proven problem-solving skills and the dedication to create the highest quality images possible
Excellent communication skills and technical knowledge, work well within a team, and independently
Ability to learn new techniques, and develop new workflows.
Particle, Rigid Body and Fluid TD experience a plus.
Familiarity with shot-tracking software is a plus
Ingenuity Studios is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. Ingenuity Studios is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. At Ingenuity Studios, we embrace diversity and equal opportunity. We are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills.