TD Generalist
Montreal, QC, Canada
Contract
Company Description
Technicolor Creative Studios is the division with Technicolor, which contains Technicolor’s world-leading Visual effects and Animation brands such as MPC, The Mill, and Mikros.

Technicolor’s brands have worked on the spectacular scenes and tiny details that make movies, advertising campaigns and Animation movies genuinely mind-blowing. We’re the people behind the effects in countless blockbuster films like The Lion King, The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge on the Run and advertising campaigns for clients such as Samsung, Audi, Nike and Apple. We are continually looking for the best talent globally, enthusiastic people who come in every day to be a part of some of the industry’s best work. 

Job Description
Under the supervision of the Head / associates heads of TDs and the TD department manager, the TD Generalist contributes to the design, development, optimization, and maintenance of the pipeline and production tools. The BSL (Baseline) Core team focuses on the general framework of tools developed by the TDs.

As a TD Generalist, you will be able to solve complex bugs and work on BSL / show features requests. You will code / contribute to Shows and BSL with the Swat TD team, on oversight and coordination.

The TD is part of the global TD team and as in any teamwork, may be required to assist teammates on other tasks than those expected of the position. Also, in contact with the software / RnD team, this TD  participates in the collaboration and communication between these 2 teams.

Responsibilities 

Deliver a high level of quality in the tools while respecting deadlines 
Provide creative ideas and solutions to improve visual and technical quality 
Develop tools and procedures to support the creative process 
Understand the visual requirements for the film, and design procedures, techniques and tools that will enable these to be met 
Ensure the maintenance and improvement of the Mikros Animation 'Tools Box' of the Animation department 
Provide the necessary assistance to guarantee the efficiency of the data flow 
Work according to Mikros Animation coding style 
Liaise with the software team to ensure compliance with internal practices 
Ensure the follow-up and the relevance of the creation and update of the technical documentation of the developed tools 
Test and validate new versions of pre-existing tools, both interactive ones and in an active production environment 
Qualifications
Advanced knowledge in python coding language
Excellent Python & PyQt/PySide, C++ / CMake skills, familiarity with a Ray Tracing rendering engine (Arnold, ...) and 3D (Maya, Katana) software
Previous experience as a TD on animated feature film, animated television series and/or VFX feature film projects 
Thorough understanding of Animation, Character and Rig designs 
Advanced level of understanding of 3D packages, animation technologies and principles 
Ability to code review and troubleshoot problems as they arise 
Ability to quickly understand the use of commercially available and proprietary software tools 
Ability to communicate in both a technical and artistic manner with various personality types 
Ability to work collaboratively and share knowledge, while respecting deadlines and priorities.
Bachelor's degree or equivalent in Computer Science / Engineering or relevant field
Experience in shader or procedural programming (OSL) is a plus
Familiarity with Agile scrum methodology
Knowledge of Shotgun and Shotgun Toolkit Tank API is a plus
Team player and problem-solver
Strong written and verbal English language skills. French is a plus.