Pipeline TD
Track Visual Effects

Full job description
We are looking for a Junior and Senior Pipeline TD to join our team in Vancouver! Great opportunity to be part of building the pipeline foundation!

This is an exciting and rare opportunity to be part of the formative years of a new studio in Vancouver. Our constantly increasing projects range from feature films to commercials. You will be working with artists with a wealth of experience on various productions. We are looking for talented artists who have the drive to keep up and contribute to this quickly growing company.

Pipeline TD is responsible for the quality control of the entire pipeline. They identify and fix problems as they arise within the pipeline. They develop software tools that the team needs. They have a complete understanding of how the VFX production pipeline works.

We offer extended health benefits, flexible hours, and an open creative environment for all our staff.
Duties & Responsibilities
Meticulous nature with a self-critical eye, and high standards.
Strong problem-solving and identifying solutions without guidance
Ability to give accurate time estimates for the project completions
Work well under pressure. Excellent time management and work to tight deadlines.
Team player who excels in a collaborative environment
Team player who is able to work independently with minimal supervision
Positive attitude and excitement for new challenges in an intense production environment
Highly motivated, and be able to work with the entire team/production.
Mentoring and advancing new junior TDs.
Communicate clear and concise
Interview and help select new hires
Maintain a professional level of knowledge about current developments regarding tools (Maya/Shotgrid/etc)
Collaborate and help develop the full pipeline to optimize artist workflow
Provide recommendations and technical solutions
Responsible for ensuring the pipeline integrity
Strong troubleshooting and problem-solving skills
Provide technical advice and support for artists
R&D with supervisors to develop new Python tools and workflows and improve existing
Collaborate with other TD and Leads/Supervisor to develop a stronger pipeline
Maintain and improve documentation
Education and Experience
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Computer Graphics or a related subject
2+ years experience as a Pipeline TD
Previous experience in VFX pipeline or a related industry
Strong understanding of the VFX pipeline
Proven ability to manage and mentor a team
Expert knowledge in Python and C++
Knowledge in Shotgun Desktop & Shotgrid
Preferred knowledge in Mel
Strong Knowledge of Maya and Nuke
Knowledge of 3d Equalizer and Syntheyes a plus
Proficiency with Linux

Why work at Track VFX?
Benefits after 3 months! (contracts must be 6 months or longer to be eligible)
We pay overtime after 40 hours!
Only Matchmove company in North America
Training seminars. Provide many in-house tutorials
Great clients and ability to work closely with them!
Amazing artists and supportive production team
Ability to work closely with Supervisors
Help make an impact in the future of Matchmove
Career Progression